Update dist names in core docs 3.0.0 - closes #613 (#618)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/forging.adoc

To enable your node to forge, firstly it is required to insert some encrypted data into the config file under the `chain.forging.delegates` array.
To encrypt your passphrase, it is recommended to use one of the following alternatives listed below:

* xref:{url_sdk_commander_commands}[Lisk Commander application] via `encrypt passphrase` command.
* xref:{url_sdk_elements_cryptography}[Cryptography module of Lisk Elements]

> The first alternative with the Lisk Commander application is described in detail below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first alternative with Lisk Commander is described in detail below.
```

> Please ensure the Lisk Commander application is installed in a secure environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure, that Lisk Commander is installed in a secure environment.
```

<6> Replace with the IP address which will be used to access the node

Reload the Lisk Core process to perform the changes in the config effective.

> For example, for Application install, execute the following command: `bash lisk.sh reload`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for the Lisk Core application, execute the following command: `bash lisk.sh reload`
```
